# Merge BSTs to Create Single BST
You are given n BST (binary search tree) root nodes for n separate BSTs stored in an array trees (0-indexed). Each BST in trees has at most 3 nodes, and no two roots have the same value. In one operation, you can:

Select two distinct indices i and j such that the value stored at one of the leaves of trees[i] is equal to the root value of trees[j].
Replace the leaf node in trees[i] with trees[j].
Remove trees[j] from trees.
Return the root of the resulting BST if it is possible to form a valid BST after performing n - 1 operations, or null if it is impossible to create a valid BST.

A BST (binary search tree) is a binary tree where each node satisfies the following property:

Every node in the node's left subtree has a value strictly less than the node's value.
Every node in the node's right subtree has a value strictly greater than the node's value.
A leaf is a node that has no children.

# Constraints
* n == trees.length
* 1 <= n <= 5 * 10^4
* The number of nodes in each tree is in the range [1, 3].
* No two roots of trees have the same value.
* All the trees in the input are valid BSTs.
* 1 <= TreeNode.val <= 5 * 10^4.

# Code
```cpp
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * struct TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode *left;
 *     TreeNode *right;
 *     TreeNode() : val(0), left(nullptr), right(nullptr) {}
 *     TreeNode(int x) : val(x), left(nullptr), right(nullptr) {}
 *     TreeNode(int x, TreeNode *left, TreeNode *right) : val(x), left(left), right(right) {}
 * };
 */
class Solution {
public:

    // collect all the nodes
    unordered_map<int, TreeNode*> rts;
    
    // count node
    // only one root will not be the leaf of other trees
    unordered_map<int, int> cnt;
    
    bool isBST(TreeNode* node, int low=0, int high=1e9) {
        if(!node) return true;
        if(low < node->val && node->val < high) {
            return isBST(node->left, low, node->val) &&
                isBST(node->right, node->val, high);
        }
        return false;
        
    }
    
    void dfs(TreeNode* node) {
        if(!node) return ;
        if(!node->left && !node->right) {
            auto it = rts.find(node->val);
            if(it != rts.end()) {
                TreeNode* rt = it->second;
                node->left = rt->left;
                node->right = rt->right;
                rts.erase(it);
            }
        }
        dfs(node->left);
        dfs(node->right);
    }
    
    
    TreeNode* canMerge(vector<TreeNode*>& trees) {
        if(trees.size() == 1) return trees[0];
        rts.clear();
        cnt.clear();
        
        for(TreeNode* node: trees) {
            rts.emplace(node->val, node);
            cnt[node->val]++;
            if(node->right) cnt[node->right->val]++;
            if(node->left) cnt[node->left->val]++;
        }
        

        TreeNode* root = nullptr;
        for(TreeNode* node: trees) {
            if(cnt[node->val] == 1) {
                if(root != nullptr) return nullptr; // more than one root node, that is not leaf of other tree, can not merge after n - 1 ops
                root = node;
                
            }
        }
        
        dfs(root);
        
        if(rts.size() == 1) {
            if(isBST(rts.begin()->second)) {
                return rts.begin()->second;
            }
        }
        return nullptr;
        
    }
};
```
